# Reflection 

1. I think that my largest issues involved branches, pull requests, and merges.  I also think that the interface between Git and Github needed greater clarification for me.  In other words, how to recognize the effect of pulls, pushes, fetch/merge, etc. were areas that needed greater work overall.
2. Pretty much every basic Git and Github concept (including both the ones that I already had solid understandings of as well as those that needed greater exposure).  This was a really insightful session in this regard.
3. My pair was not present, so it was simply myself and the Guide.  I asked questions seemingly at every step in the process, whenever I was not clear about a specific step to take or simply in terms of the general GPS protocol (since I had not done either a GPS nor a paired session prior to this session).  But whenever a curoisity or confusion came up for me, it was pretty natural for me to inquire about it.
4. I think that I need more experiences in the next couple days/weeks to truly be able to answer this question.  I can't pinpoint a specific area of confusion as I ponder this now.  However, I am sure that confusions are bound to arise pretty quickly as more actual scenarios occur and as I grow in my coding capacity.  It is then that I expect to encounter and deal with whatever difficulties in Git(hub) come up.  
5. It was quite interesting since I have never had this experience before.  I found my Guide to be incredibly helpful in 'navigating' for me while I was actively 'driving' for the majority of the session.  It was so much easier having someone facilitate the process while I worked my way through it.  I also found it so helpful that I had someone right there to answer many of my questions whenever a confusion or ambiguity crept up.  Obviously, not always will I have this guidance at all times, but it was really great to have a co-pilot with me who had more expertise than I did and who could use that towards making sure that we moved forward as a team.  Overall, I very much enjoyed the process and look forward to more opportunities!
